[Autogenerated] All right,
We have set up our code commit repository are build
Project and our code pipeline.
The next step in this process is to get that source code up into code commit.
And in order to do that,
we're going to need that code commit u R l and we're going to need some
get credentials which we can get from the AWS console.
So let me pull the terminal back up.
And if you were falling along,
you now have the code commit u R l I'm gonna go ahead and grab
this and copy it and just pop open Notepad and paste it into
Notepad just so I have it for later.
Now let's go over to the AWS console,
and we need to get get credentials for Elsie Vasquez,
and we do that through the I am portion of the console.
So go ahead and go into users here,
and we'll select Elsie Vasquez and under security credentials,
if we scroll down a bit, you'll see there's an HTTPS.
Get credentials for AWS code commit area.
That is where you will go to generate credentials for your
user so that you can pull code down and push code up to
that code commit repository.
Now,
I've already generated those credentials and add
them to my get credentials manager, so I won't need to do that.
But I did think it was important for you to see where to get
those credentials so you can follow along.
Now let's go ahead and clones this repository locally.
All right?
We're back in visual studio code.
And if you look at the current path that I have in the terminal window,
let me just make it very obvious here it's C colon slash GH That's where I
keep all of my local repositories for code I'm working on.
So that's where I'm going to create a clone off this code commit repository.
So I'm gonna go all the way back up to the GH directory.
In case you're wondering.
GH usually stands for GitHub, but in this case, it's code.
Commit that, you know,
whatever works for you and I am going to run a get clone command,
so I'm simply gonna run,
get clone and then paste in the URL that we copy it a little bit earlier.
There we do and hit enter.
If you don't already have the get credentials in your credentials, Manager.
This is when it would prompt you for those credentials.
Since I already have them, it didn't prompt me.
It's got them stored.
Now that we have cloned an empty repository,
we need to get some files into there.
So I'm gonna go into the directory.
We just created this VPC deploy directory,
and I'm going to run this command from the commands dot txt,
which copies all of the files that are in seven dash code
dash commit dash files into this directory.
Go ahead and grab this whole command.
Go ahead and pasted down here.
And now, if I look at what's in this directory,
I now have four files in here, including that build spec dot yemma,
which tells the build project what to actually do
when it fires up that container.
Now that we have that all set up,
our next thing to do is to push these files up to that code commit repository.
So we're going to run, get ad cache,
which adds all of the files in this directory to our next commit.
So we're staging those files for a commit and now we're going to run.
Get commit, Dash M and put a message in here.
We can say first commit.
That works for us.
Okay, we've committed these changes to our local repository.
Now the last thing to do is to do get push.
And this will push these files up to the code.
Commit repository.
So we've done all of our work.
That information is now in the code.
Commit repository we can. Go over to the AWS console and see what's going on over there.